Mention that canvas transforms multiply on the left of a column vector (#23453)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/canvasrenderingcontext2d/settransform/index.md

</mrow><annotation encoding="TeX">\left[ \begin{array}{ccc} a &#x26; c &#x26; e \\ b &#x26; d
&#x26; f \\ 0 &#x26; 0 &#x26; 1 \end{array} \right]</annotation></semantics></math>

> This transformation matrix gets multiplied on the left of a column vector representing each point being drawn on the canvas to produce the final coordinate used on the canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transformation matrix gets multiplied on the left of a column vector representing each point being drawn on the canvas, to produce the final coordinate used on the canvas.
```

> This transformation matrix gets multiplied on the left of a column vector representing each point being drawn on the canvas to produce the final co-ordinate used on the canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transformation matrix gets multiplied on the left of a column vector representing each point being drawn on the canvas to produce the final coordinate used on the canvas.
```
